Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about rest controller in Supreme Court in Sydney, but we
can create rest services with rest controller, rest controller works with HDTV, Saras HDTV.
Soulet has two main components.
These are HTTP request and EPA response requests comes from Colline site to server side.
Response is given by server to the client side.
From client side, we can send request with different mapping types.
These mapping types are yet mapping post, mapping the lead mapping, put mapping and patch mapping
default mapping.
Tiber's gets mapping.
So then we try to call some API from browser.
This request we'll get mapping, get mapping is used for select operations.
For example, we can write a code like get all users, we get mapping.
Post mapping is used for crede operations.
For example, we can write a code like, say, the user with post mapping the leads mapping is used
for the lead operations.
For example, we can write a code like the neat user with the lead mapping put mapping is used for update
operations.
For example, we can write a code like update users.
We'd put mapping.
And finally, page mapping is used for partial update operations.
For example, we can write a code like update user name with page mapping.
Other think about RECURSE is to describe patterns in red comptrollers.
We can describe Patriot RECURSE mapping values.
For example, for these get all users methods.
Our API endpoint Valby localhost plus partney plus request mapping patterns.
Other think about recast is the sense parameters to do it.
First of all, we can send parameters with request body in here.
Payload data is used.
Secondly, we can send Parramatta's with Paramaribo.
Thirdly, we can set parameters we request thorough.
OK, these will be enough for us about HDTV request.
Now let's talk about HDTV responses in rent control or we can define every method with response.
And the Population Response Entity is a constellation that contains HDTV beheaders, HDTV studies and
response body with response entity.
We can control HDTV responses easily.
For example, we can return user object after a great operation like that with its response entity.
So in here we can control return object and response HDTV sets.
Of course, there are other many things in wrest control.
But for beginning, for our cause, this will be enough.
That's all.
Thank you.